# Scramjet 2.x

* The interface for the following classes is now considered stable:
  - ```DataStream```
  - ```StringStream```
  - ```BufferStream```
  - ```MultiStream```
* This means that no already existing method will change the interface and
  essentially the current protocol will be backwards compatible.
* Relicensed to the MIT License

## Scramjet 2.6.0

New methods!

* StringStream.fromString - static, works like DataStream:fromArray
* StringStream::append - appends anything to every chunk
* StringStream::prepend - prepends anything to every chunk
* DataStream::unshift - writes some chunks at call time
* DataStream::flatten - a shorthand for flattening chunks which are arrays
* DataStream::batch - batch aggregation of chunks by length

Examples yet to come.

## Scramjet 2.5.2

* Dev dependencies update (nodeunit, jsdoc-to-markdown)

## Scramjet 2.5.0

* Added `use` method.

## Scramjet 2.4.2

* Removed dependency on mergesort-stream and almost 30% performance improvement on muxing streams

## Scramjet 2.4.1

* flatMap method introduced on DataStream

## Scramjet 2.3.0

* Asynchronous tranforms on multiple streams are merged into one.
* New .tap() method introduced to be able to revert to previous behavior
* Benchmark added (but is also released separately)
* Misleading pop() name changed to shift(), but old one still kept for
  compatibility

## Scramjet 2.2.1

* Asynchronous transforms now run in parallel, exact documentation on how to
  control it to follow
* Fixed a bug causing not raising exceptions properly

## Scramjet 2.1.1

* better docs and autogenerated readme

## Scramjet 2.1.0

* pop method now working consistently in Buffer and String Streams (pops a
  number of bytes instead of buffers/strings)
* breakup method introduced in BufferStream - breaks stream up into set length
  chunks.
* DataStream fromArray and toArray shorthand methods added.
* toBufferStream/toStringStream methods added on StringStream and BufferStream
* DataStream remap function added
* DataStream pop now operates on a copy of the original array.

## Scramjet 2.0.0

Initial release of the MIT licensed and stable version.

# Scramjet 1.x

With the release of 2.x the 1.x branch will no longer get support. The last
version in code is identical to 2.0.0 and future releases in the next major
will still be backwards compatible.

## Version 1.5.0

* Change MultiStream methods to work asynchronously (return Promise instead of
    the streams)
* Document MultiStream add/remove methods
* Enforce stricter jshint

## Version 1.4.2

* Improve tee and pop methods overriding
* Fix ```stream.end``` handling in ```reduce```

## Version 1.4.0

Interface changes:
* ```DataStream::reduceNow``` introduced to allow reducing into an object
  returned instantly.
* ```StringStream::pop``` implemented
* ```StringStream::separate``` and ```StringStream::slice``` prosposed

Added proper tests for ```DataStream``` and ```StringStream``` and travis.ci.

## Version 1.3.1

* Simplified stream transformations.
* Improved docs

## Version 1.3.0

Interface changes:
* ```DataStream::reduce``` now returns a Promise instead of the first object
  passed. The promise is resolved on end of input stream.
* ```StringStream::match``` added, returns a stream of matches in the passed
  regexp.
  * Added Gulp
    * Added Gulp task for docs creation (called docs).

Bugfixes:
* Fixed error in MultiStream.mux
* Fixed error in the flush method in split/match.
